hey this is Nate from alesis and I'd
like to show you the sample pad Pro so
the alesis sample pad pro is a tabletop
or module mounted stand-alone percussion
unit it has eight pads six main pads
here and two upper pads so eight pads
total on board it has a drum module with
ten kits and just about 200 sounds but
the real story here is you can
accommodate an SD card up to 32 gigs and
make up 20 additional kits that SD card
can be transferred over USB with your
computer no need for an external SD card
reader and the kit management is in a
very easy and intuitive software utility
where you drag and drop your samples of
course on the front panel you have left
and right up and down menu navigation
buttons along with save and options
features you have your phone's control
your volume control for your headphones
and your main volume control now let's
take a look at the back panel actually
before I do that let me mention that all
pads are lit blue at all times so if the
pads are illuminated it means a sample
is playing if you loop something they
will stay lit but when a sample ends the
pad will go back to dim blue instead of
bright blue so let's talk about the rear
panel on sample pad Pro now you have USB
to connect directly to your computer
because the sample pad Pro can also be
used as a MIDI controller in controller
mode you have MIDI out and MIDI in both
five pin 10 connections you have a main
out left and right you also have two
extra pad trigger inputs as an
assignable foot switch and a hi-hat and
kick input with the trigger with the
switches to accommodate whatever you're
using as a hi-hat or a kick you have a
headphone input power supply power
button and an eighth inch TRS aux
auxilary input for any external audio
source with its own volume control so
that is the sample pad Pro from alesis
if you have any questions about the
alesis sample pad pro or any other
lisa's product please contact your
Sweetwater sales engineer for more
information
you